Hello, I am Nathaniel Pereyra, a senior Computer Science student at the University of Maryland, College Park. I am seeking an entry level computer science position for Summer or Fall 2022, so that I may enter the professional working world once I graduate next May. Throughout my academics, I have learned many different skills, from basic programming languages like Java, Python, and C, to more advanced topics like iOS app development, creating and using advanced data structures, and cybersecurity practices.

This past summer, I interred with the Federal Aviation Administration as a Computer Science Gateways Intern. While there, I assisted with the development and testing of a financial dashboard for the Enterprise Services Directorate, which is a branch of the Program Management Organization, one of the groups that makes up the Air Traffic Organization line of buisiness in the FAA. This dashboard would aggregate all the various financial information for each of the various teams and programs within the directorate, and allow managers and team leaders to see real-time status updates regarding funding allocations, expenditures, and other financial status indicators.

The dashboard was developed using an agile environment. The developers often met with my manager to discuss the status of current requirments and the development of the current release. I was able to sit in on these meetings, and learned a great deal about how a team works with a manager to develop a product. For the dashboard, the requirements were split into separate releases. Each release, once finished, was deployed to a testing environment, where it was my job to black-box test the release for any bugs that may exist, so that each production release roles out without any issues.

I recently left this position, as I felt my spring semester schedule, extracurriculars, and graduation preparation left little time to continue to work and give my best effort. Also, although I greatly value all that I learned and experienced during my internship, I would rather work in software development and engineering, rather than the more oversight role given to my in my internship.

If given the opportunity, I would love to put my academic knowledge as well as my internship experience to good use in software engineering, developing products that help people, and be able to make a difference at a company.
